Welcome, brothers and sisters. In this month's program, we'll review who the May 2020
Watchtower identified as the King of the North, and we'll learn how knowing this affects
each one of us. We'll also see how Perseverance helps us reach our spiritual goals, and will
debut an exciting new series made especially for teenagers. This is J. W. Broadcasting for May
2021. My theme is the King of the North in the time of the end. In recent years, the Russian
government has persecuted our brothers and sisters who live in that country. You've heard
reports about the police invading kingdom halls and breaking up meetings. The government
has labeled Jehovah's Witnesses as an extremist group. It has seized our properties and imprisoned
our brothers. Please watch a brief video that reviews some of the trials Jehovah's people
in Russia have faced. On April 20, 2017, the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation
criminalized the activity of Jehovah's Witnesses. As of July 4, 2019, authorities have progressively
seized 131 of the properties owned by Jehovah's Witnesses with an additional 60 properties
subject to confiscation. One of the seized properties was the former Russia branch complex
in Solishnoia. At the time of filming, the Russian authorities continue their aggressive attack
on Jehovah's Witnesses. As of August 17, 2020, there were 42 witnesses who were in pre-trial
attention or sentenced to prison people, 32 who were under house arrest and 169 who were not
allowed to leave their home town. All have been charged with organizing, participating in,
or financing the activity of so-called extremist organization. At least 380 witnesses were at the
time under investigation, ranging in age from 19 to 89 years old. What has this meant for the
individuals affected? As an example, on June 3, 2018, brother Sergei Klymoff was arrested.
Local authorities initiated criminal charges against him, placing him in pre-trial detention
for two months. This detention was extended seven times, separating him from his wife and family
for a year and five months before he was finally tried and sentenced. On November 5, 2019,
he was sentenced to six years in prison. Two of our dear young people in Russia,
brother Yegor Baranov and sister Daria Dulova, are courageously facing criminal conviction
and potential long-term imprisonment. Brother Baranov is only 19 years old. When the authorities
raided her home, sister Dulova was only 18 years old. By means of the newsroom on JW Walk,
we're informed of updated news events. This page includes links to name lists of witnesses
currently in prison for their faith, which can help us include them specifically in our prayers.
Our brothers and sisters in Russia are resolved to remain loyal to Jehovah, despite any opposition
and they put their confidence in him in the assurance that Jehovah is on their side.
It shouldn't surprise us that this powerful government has been persecuting our peaceful
law abiding brothers and sisters. Why not? Because that government is fulfilling Bible prophecy.
Please find Daniel chapter 11. In verse 40, it refers to what the Bible calls the King of the North.
Of that King Daniel 1141 says, he will also enter into the land of the decoration
and many lands will be made to stumble. Today, Russia and its allies are filling the role of
the King of the North. Daniel foretold that this King would enter the land of the decoration,
meaning that he would interfere in a significant way with the activities of God's people.
As discussed in the May 2020 watchtower, Russia and its allies are not the first political
power to act as the King of the North, but they may well be the last.
In this program, we will do three things. First, we'll briefly trace the fulfillment of the
prophecy recorded in Daniel chapter 11. Second, we'll look at how that prophecy is being
fulfilled today. And third, we'll discuss how knowing this information should affect the decisions
that we make. Brother Herman Vansom, a helper to the writing committee, will help us review some of
the key points of the prophecy recorded in Daniel 11. Thank you, Herman, for helping me with this
presentation. It's a pleasure to be with you, Ken. Thank you for inviting me. First, let's briefly
trace how the prophecy has been fulfilled so far. The prophecy in Daniel 11 mentions the King
of the North and the King of the South. Now, why are they described like that? Well, initially these
powers were located north and south of the literal land of Israel, thus the names King of the North
and King of the South. These powers could be viewed as two thrones. Over time, those thrones have
been occupied by various political powers and these rival kings compete for world domination.
And what about Jehovah's people? They are right at the center of this conflict.
But let's start at the beginning. Ken, what is the origin of the kings of the North and of the
South? The kings of the North and of the South both rose from the empire established by Alexander
the Great. One line of kings ruled over Egypt, which is south of Israel, and that dynasty was the
first to fill the role of King of the South. During this period, another line of kings ruled an
area north of Israel and those kings filled the role of King of the North. Then the Roman Empire
took over as King of the North. As discussed in the May 2020 watchtower, God's people are the
focal point of the prophecy recorded in Daniel 11. The angel who spoke with Daniel said that the
prophecy would help him understand what will befall your people. That is the nation of Israel.
And what in fact happened? Well, the Jewish nation was God's people until 33 CE. But after that,
a change occurred. Jehovah poured out his Holy Spirit on Christ's followers and from then on,
the congregation of true Christians became God's people. Galatians 6 verse 16 refers to them as
the Israel of God. That point is significant because the kings of the North and South can only
be identified when there is a clearly defined group of God's people on earth. Why is that the case?
Because as we just considered, the angel had told Daniel that the prophecy centers on God's people.
In the second century CE, true Christians were overgrown by wheat-like false Christians.
In this illustration of the wheat and the wheat, Jesus foretold that this would happen.
That illustration is recorded at Matthew 13 verses 36 to 43. So, from the second century onward,
we can no longer identify an organized group of true Christians. And as we consider,
for that same reason, we also cannot identify the king of the North and the king of the South.
But in the 1870s, a group of Bible students began to separate itself from false Christians.
This group, which included Charles T. Russell, rejected teachings that were not based on the Bible.
And like the first century Christians, they promoted the truths taught in God's word.
Now, this group underwent a development that is foretold at Malachi chapter 3 verse 1.
They were the messenger who would clear up a way before Jehovah.
And as events that followed proof, this group clearly had God's backing.
So, from the 1870s onward, when true Christians began to organize themselves as a group,
we can again identify the political powers that fill the roles of the king of the North and
king of the South. At that time in history, Britain was the dominant political force. And it
filled the role of the king of the South. Amazingly, it was also in the 1870s that the German
empire emerged and soon began to challenge Britain for world domination. This political power
now filled the role of the king of the North. Daniel 11 verse 25 and 26 indicated that the two
kings would clash and that the king of the North would lose many soldiers in the battle.
And that is exactly what happened during World War I. And it was during that war that Britain
and its close ally, the United States, forged a special bond. So, from this point on during
these last days, the Anglo-American power has been the king of the South.
That brings us to our second point. How has Daniel 11 been fulfilled from that time onward
until recent times? During World War I, the king of the North and the king of the South
persecuted those of God's people who refused to fight in the war, the king of the South even
threw into jail those who were taking the lead in the preaching work. But let's take a closer look
at the king of the North. Has the political power filling that role changed during the last days?
And how has it treated God's people? The identity of the king of the North has changed three times
during the last days. Starting in the 1870s, through to the end of the Second World War,
the German Empire filled the role of the king of the North. In the period leading up to and
including World War II, it persecuted God's people without mercy, imprisoning thousands of our
brothers and killing hundreds of them. Who replaced the German Empire as the king of the North?
That's an important question, Herman. After World War II, the Soviet Union took on that role.
It also attacked God's people, imprisoning them or sending them into exile.
But can Daniel 11 for 34 says that they, that is God's people, would be given a little help?
What's the significance of that statement? This passage points forward to the time when the Soviet
Union collapsed. Although God's people suffered terribly under that government, they were given
a little help. In what way? After the USSR collapsed, God's people there could worship freely
for a number of years. In time, though, Russia and its allies took on the role of the king of the
North. And like the other powers that filled the role of king of the North, this government has
continued to oppress God's people. Let's watch the following video that outlines what has happened.
Daniel received a prophecy about the coming of two rivals, the king of the North and the king
of the South. How has it been fulfilled? In the late 1800s, the German Empire became the king of
the North. That government brought its power and heart against the king of the South with a large
army. In fact, its navy was the second largest on earth who became the king of the South.
The alliance between Britain and the United States. He fought during World War I with an exceedingly
large and mighty army. He swept away and humbled the king of the North. But that was not the end of
the king of the North. He turned his attention to and then hurled denunciations against the Holy
Covenant. He removed the constant feature by limiting the freedom of God's people to preach,
imprisoning many and even killing hundreds of God's anointed ones and their fellow workers.
After Germany was defeated in World War II, the Soviet Union became the king of the North.
It worked with the king of the South to put in place the disgusting thing that causes desolation.
The United Nations. Beginning in the early 1900s, the Soviet government tried to eliminate
religion in the lands under its control, fulfilling the words that he would show no regard for the God
of his fathers. He gave glory not to the God of heaven, but to the God of fortresses. As prophesied,
he used this military might against the king of the South by engaging with him in a pushing.
Anglo-America competed with the Soviet Union for world domination, fighting in and supporting wars
and political struggles around the globe. After the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, it was unclear
who would fill the role of the king of the North. For a time, God's people there had been able
to preach and worship peacefully. But in recent years, Russia and its allies have pushed back at
the king of the South. Both kings have accused each other of destructive cyber and economic attacks.
But the king of the North has not limited his attacks to the king of the South.
As foretold, he also entered into the land of the decoration, our realm of spiritual activity.
Today, Russian authorities continue to attack true worship. We expect such persecution.
But we also expect it to end. Our king, Jesus Christ, is more powerful than any human government.
Soon, he will destroy not only the kings of the North, South, but all of his enemies.
And he will deliver God's loyal people.
That was a powerful and touching video. How are our brothers and sisters coping with the current
persecution? Let's take a look. And what you're going to see will break your heart,
but also strengthen your faith. At 6 a.m., my husband and I were woken up by a loud bang on the door.
As soon as my husband had opened the door, people burst in shouting, everyone on the floor.
I saw them taking my husband into the kitchen and heard them very aggressively ordering him to do
something. Then I heard some noise and I realized that he was being beaten.
My husband Felix and I were on our way back from the shopping mall to the car park.
A jeep with tinted windows blocked our path and people with weapons jumped out shouting,
on the ground, don't move. We were thrown against the vehicle.
Felix was sent to a pretrial detention facility where he spent a year.
From the very first bang on the door, I began praying to Jehovah for wisdom,
calmness and for Holy Spirit so that I could make the right decisions and act in the right way.
And for the whole day I was praying. Jehovah answered all my prayers and I felt that he was close
at my side. Before each court hearing when I was very afraid and felt overwhelmed by emotion and
couldn't calm myself down, it was prayer that helped me to settle down.
When they took us for interrogation, I started panicking and at that moment I realized that
I needed to meditate on something positive. So I thought, I need to sing our songs.
And just one song came into my mind, he will make you strong.
It really strengthened me. Those words about how a Jehovah gave his son for us,
shows he loves us and will never leave us. Brothers and sisters pray and tell me that they are
praying for me. It gives me the feeling that I am part of a large family. After the interrogation
he was sent home. My husband and I continued to stick to our spiritual routine. We continued to
conduct family worship and we are always in the ministry. Our brothers and sisters constantly
support us. They write kind words, they commend us, they send us encouraging scriptures from the
Bible. In September 2019 Felix was found guilty and sentenced to three years in a general regime
colony. When he and the other brothers arrived there they were beaten up by officers from the colony.
Felix told me that he prayed while he was being beaten and he noticed that at that moment he
stopped feeling the pain. While he is behind bars Felix tries to conduct family worship with me
by letters. He picks certain themes and some specific questions. Then I do research in the
publications and send back what I find. The scripture at Isaiah 30 really strengthens me
where it says that your strength will be in keeping calm and showing trust. Although I tend to worry
I understood that calmness is expressed by fully trusting in Jehovah. I have become stronger
because thanks to Jehovah in a way I have developed almost a shell against the difficulties that
used to scare me. That confidence and faith help me. Jehovah was with me and he will remain
close by me and we will be made stronger thanks to him and we will get through these trials.
How can we develop courage like our brothers and sisters in Russia? Well we must be convinced
that the prophecy in the Bible are trustworthy. That was a topic discussed by brother David's
plane of the governing body in the following morning worship program. Now if you just take a look at
today's text it says come and witness the activities of Jehovah, witness. Now according to
a dictionary a witness is someone who has personal knowledge of something. So how can we be witnesses
of Jehovah? What personal knowledge do we have of his activities? Well first of all we can
testify to the fact that Jehovah can see into the future and when he does that he is right 100%
of the time. And second we know that no one can prevent what Jehovah foresees from coming true.
All of Jehovah's prophecies come true. Now to illustrate the first point that Jehovah can see
into the future let's consider two remarkable prophecies concerning the destruction of Jerusalem
and its temple. Now we know that through the prophet Jeremiah Jehovah foretold that
Jerusalem in the temple would be destroyed by the Babylonians. Did it come true? Absolutely
in 607 BCE but Jehovah went further. He said that Jerusalem would be rebuilt. They will rebuild
the ancient ruins. They will raise up the desolated places of the past and they will restore
the devastated cities and true worship would also be restored. So that was quite a level of knowledge
but there's more. Jehovah went further. Jehovah also indicated that the spiritual revival
wouldn't last. Now that is remarkable and it's implied by what we read in the second part of
Daniel chapter 9 and verse 26. I'd like you to have a look at this. We're going to be
reading two parts of this verse and it's quite interesting. Daniel chapter 9 and verse 26.
So now what's our objective here it's to see that Jerusalem and its temple would be
we would be destroyed a second time and the true worship would not last. It says in the second
part of verse 26 and the people of a leader who is coming will destroy the city and the holy place.
Now when these words were written Jerusalem and the temple were already in ruins but Jehovah
doesn't say Nebuchadnezzar has destroyed the city and its temple. He says the people of a leader
who is coming the Roman general Titus in 70 CE will destroy the city and the holy place. In order
for that prophecy to be fulfilled Jerusalem and the temple would have to be rebuilt and then
destroyed a second time. Now that is quite a level of knowledge, quite a level of information
but what would make this necessary? Why when the Jews came back to their to the promised land
and they were intent on restoring true worship why would this fail and why would Jerusalem and
the temple be destroyed a second time? Part of it is due to what we find in the first part of
verse 26. Messiah will be cut off so Jehovah foretold foresaw that when the Messiah came the Jews
would reject him he would be cut off and because of that partly because of that Jerusalem
and the temple would be destroyed as it happens in 70 CE. Now wait a minute. Wait a minute let's
think about that a minute. The Messiah comes first and Jerusalem and the temple are destroyed
after that in 70 CE. What does that mean? It means that the Messiah comes before 70 CE so we
might ask our Jewish friends why are you still waiting for the Messiah? 70 CE has come and gone.
Well the Messiah came and he too proved to be a true prophet and a remarkable prophecy of Jesus
is found in the Sermon on the Mount. Let's have a look at it and consider the implications of this
prophecy. This is Matthew chapter 7 and we'll read verses 22 and 23 an amazing prophecy. Now
imagine at this point Jesus teachings have not spread beyond Israel but notice verses 22 and 23.
Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord did we not prophesy in your name and expel demons in
your name and perform many powerful works in your name and then I will declare to them I never knew
you get away from me you workers of lawlessness. Now it's not amazing if Jesus had simply predicted
that his teachings would spread throughout the earth you might say well there's nothing remarkable
about that but Jesus is saying something different. Jesus is for telling a great apostasy from
his teachings. Jesus is for telling the birth of Christendom 300 years before the event.
So Jesus foresees that many are going to turn away from the truth and by the end of the first
century that apostasy was already at work wasn't it? There were sects, the sect of Nikolayus for
example and other sects and now they're on the cusp of the great darkness, the great apostasy
that's going to set in from the second century on and with this in mind what does Jehovah do?
He makes an amazing statement. Revelation 14, 144,000 will be on Mount Zion with the lamb.
There were nowhere near 144,000 in the truth in the first century and here Jehovah is saying
there are going to be 144,000 in heaven with the lamb at the end but not only that he goes further.
There's going to be a great crowd that no man can number. How could that ever come true?
ours is the God of true prophecy. Well that's prophecy. What about the second point? That is
that no one can prevent prophecy from being fulfilled. The devil would love to prevent that
from taking place. Think about Revelation 14. If the devil could make the number one short of
144,000, he'd be happy because he would show that Jehovah was inaccurate in what he foretold and
so that's one of the reasons why the devil has made war on the remnant of the seed of the woman.
If it all possible to prevent that number of 144,000 from coming to pass but of course he's going
to fail. And what about the prophecy in the Bible that America and Britain would become a
dual world power? Now Britain wouldn't become a world power at all if France had anything to say
about it. France and Britain were sworn enemies and for many many years France was much richer
and much more powerful than Britain was. And finally at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815, France had
one last chance to prevent Britain from becoming a world power. And France should have won that battle.
Everything was stacked against the British but there was a driving rain, a fatal miscalculation
on the part of Napoleon and a few other factors that foiled their attempt. And Britain did become
a world power. And at the end of the 19th century it's quite true that the sun never set on the
British Empire. But now America and Britain were supposed to become a dual world power.
And Britain wasn't the least bit interested in sharing its power with America. It tried to
prevent America from separating as a colony. There was a long war and there were mistakes made
on both sides. But finally America gained its independence from Britain. And what do we find
some years after that? Britain is sharing its power with America. They are a dual world power.
Fighters against God will never prevail. We serve the God of true prophecy and what he foretells
comes to be. As we've discussed, each detail of the prophecy recorded at Daniel 11 has come true
so far. We must have confidence that the remaining events described in that prophecy will also come
true. We are living in the last days of the time of the end. Soon the nations will fulfill the
prophecy at 1 Thessalonians 5-3. Whenever it is that they are saying peace and security then
sudden destruction is to be instantly on them just like birth pains on a pregnant woman
and they will by no means escape. Then sudden destruction comes upon all parts of Satan's system.
As you can see on the screen, Daniel 121 says, during that time, Michael will stand up,
the great prince who is standing in behalf of your people. And there will occur a time of distress
such as has not occurred since there came to be a nation until that time. And during that time,
your people will escape. Everyone who is found written down in the book.
That leads us into our third point. How should knowing the information that we have just
discussed affect the decisions that we make? Well, what we have reviewed is not just interesting
history, it's a dramatic prelude to what will soon happen here on earth. Jehovah has given his
people this knowledge so that we can act on it, it should influence the choices we make.
In the following dramatization, notice how one young brother makes decisions based on his
understanding of Daniel's prophecy. That was my best friend, Lucas, when we were kids. And that was
me, Oscar. We knew exactly what we wanted to do when we grew up. Pioneer, go to Bethel,
build Kingdom Halls. We kept those goals. And when graduation came, we were ready.
Our little business needed just a few more accounts. Then we'd have enough for us and to help
our families. Finally, day one for the service year. And two new pioneers, where we live.
Please don't call me ever again. Finding spiritual interest is tough. We really have cleaners.
And finding enough work was harder than we thought. A few months in, I was sure Jehovah would help
if we just stuck it out. Sorry, Oscar, I can't make it today. Something came up, Lucas.
What came up was an opportunity for more money. But at what cost? You quit in or what?
Nah, I'm not quitting. Pioneering or a business?
Neither, but you know the struggle here. Most brothers can afford to pioneer for a year, two
tops. Look, it's not full-time while I'm training. It's a backup plan. So Lucas stop pioneering.
Maybe he's right. He's just being practical. I mean, is it wrong to quit if you think it's not
working? I struggled with the same question when I pioneered. Whatever you decide,
if you can tell Jehovah your reason, with a clean conscience, then it's the right decision for you.
Why would I keep going when it's so difficult? Since all these things are to be dissolved in this way,
consider what sorts of people you want to be in holy acts of conduct and deeds of godly devotion.
Really is the last days. And people need the good news. And they'll only hear it if we keep
up our deeds of godly devotion as best we can. I prayed to endure and only stop pioneering if my
circumstances left no other choice. And I prayed to see the blessings. And after a while,
I learned that a little perseverance with Jehovah's spirit can be contagious. So what do you
want to do when you go up? Pioneer? And go to Bethel? Yep. And then maybe build Kingdom Halls.
You in? Yeah. That young brother was trying to figure out what to do with his life.
He made a good decision because he allowed Bible prophecy to influence his thinking.
We know that teens everywhere face many challenges and we feel for you. Of course, I was once a teenager,
but I can't even imagine some of the situations that you find yourselves in. But the governing body
loves you and we want to help. So I'm very happy to announce a new series, My Teen Life.
You'll hear from witnesses who share the challenges they faced in their teens and how they
overcame them with Jehovah's help. The interview's are candid, the issues real. Here's the first episode.
As a teenager, I didn't see any benefit in talking to my parents because they like different things
than I like. So I thought what was the point and I also wanted to be an adult. I wanted to feel
like an adult and be treated like an adult. I remember when my mom used to pick me up from school,
she wanted to show personal interest at me. So she asked me, oh, how are your friends doing
how was school today? Do you have a lot of homework? But I just thought that she was being nosy.
I always had my earphones on and whenever my parents were trying to talk to me,
that was my chance to just pop them in and ignore them.
The way my parents grew up wasn't the same way that I grew up. They grew up in a different country,
they spoke a different language, they grew up in a different time. When you're talking to
somebody who doesn't speak your language natively, oftentimes you won't be able to explain things
from your heart. And so I had that challenge. I wasn't able to talk directly to my parents' heart
and so there was always this frustration in trying to really convey how I felt and I felt
like it wasn't really getting through to my parents. When I went to my first pioneer school,
I learned a lot about Jehovah's qualities and one of them was how he was a very approachable person.
And I thought to myself, am I approachable person? And I thought about how I acted in the
ministry and then in the meetings and then at home. And I realized at home I had a lot of things
I needed to fix. I felt like it was two different worlds. I was living in. One was when I was at school
with my peers, I felt like I was understood. And at home, I kind of just withdrew to myself.
I wouldn't try to communicate with them because it didn't seem worth the effort. I tried to figure
out problems in my own way. It was kind of a trial and error. I developed a lot of bad habits
that today I'm still trying to overcome. If I was able to communicate with them more,
if I was able to connect with them and ask for their help and get their support and have them
on my team, things would have went a lot better. And I really wish I did.
Jesus, who was a perfect human being and who had perfect judgment, didn't make decisions on his own.
He always looked for his father for guidance. And that got me thinking, well, if Jesus did that,
it has to be something good in it for me too. What really helped me was Colossians 4-6.
I knew I needed to speak more gracious in the family. And I realized that I was speaking
very defensively. And I needed to be more approachable to my parents. When I first tried to talk
with them, of course, it was awkward. And I didn't want to talk about anything personal because I was
in use to it. So I thought I could maybe ask them about them, ask them how their day was,
and what they like from meetings. So I just try to show more interest in them instead of focusing
on myself. And I think that's what got the conversation going and got me comfortable to really
talk with them. I was so focused on how my parents weren't understanding me that I wasn't really
trying to understand them. When I thought about my parents, I thought about how much work it takes
to be a parent. From when I was a baby, for many years, they were working day and night to try to
care for me. They never demanded a thank you or anything for me. They were really self-sacrificing.
And I imagined if I had to work that much for somebody, how would I feel if they didn't
really say thank you? Or how would I feel if this person who I worked so hard for didn't really
view me as their friend? Later on as I got older and started that communication going with my
parents, I realized taking their advice and really listening to their opinions and always letting
them know what I'm going to do and where I'm going to go was a mature thing to do. Our heart oftentimes
takes the driver's seat and it directs us to where it thinks it should go. And oftentimes it goes
in the wrong direction and we sometimes get hurt, then we look back and say I wish I didn't do that.
And our parents have been there. What they're trying to do for us now is to tell us, don't let your
heart take the driver's seat. If I can talk to my teenage self, I would tell myself to see my mom
and dad more like coaches because I used to think they were always trying to criticize me and
point out my faults but really they're just trying to help me and they want me to have a happy life.
I really wish I knew that as a teenager but I'm glad I learned that now.
We hope that you'll enjoy and benefit from future episodes of My Teen Life.
This new series is another way the governing body prepares Jehovah's people to cope with today's
challenges and to be ready for what's coming. Bible prophecy shows that in the near future the
nations will turn on all false religions and wipe them out. Then they will launch a final attack
on God's people and what a mistake that will be as discussed in the pure worship book.
Jehovah will respond to that attack by unleashing his rage on the nations.
After the dust of Armageddon settles, those with the earthly hope can look forward to a thousand
years of genuine peace and security working under the rule of God's kingdom.
Before that time comes, we will continue to face trials and opposition but we can endure.
We have many modern day examples that we can imitate right now.
Those examples can help all of us to be prepared to stand firm and to remain fully united in the
faith. This month's original song entitled One United People encourages us to do just that.
We have seen my speed is no stranger of this year's convention is
powerful by faith. We will learn what faith is, why it is essential and how we acquire it.
Here is a preview. It can be hard to put faith in something you cannot see but real faith is not
blind. Real faith is based on facts, on realities, on truth. It gives us courage and strength
and it helps us to endure. When life gets hard, it provides peace. It reminds us of our purpose
and it brings us real joy. Learn how to build and strengthen your faith at the 2021
powerful by faith convention of Jehovah's Witnesses. Now it's time for our video postcard
which comes to us from our brothers and sisters in Belarus. Belarus is an eastern European nation
that borders Russia. It's known as the blue-eyed country because it is dotted with more than
10,000 lakes. Some of Europe's most ancient trees as well as its largest mammal the European
bison can be found here. Castles, updating from the 16th century, are popular sites.
This is Nesvi's castle. If you look up at the ceiling of its chapel, you'll see Jehovah's name
in the form of the tetragramaton. When Belarus was part of the Soviet Union,
Jehovah's Witnesses faced strong government opposition. Some of our brothers were exiled to far
away Siberia. Today, more than 6,000 publishers in 84 congregations boldly declared the good news
in Belarus. There is a zealous by a new spirit here. 20% of the publishers are in full-time
service. This is how our brothers share the good news in the city of Breast. They enjoy
many aspects of public witnessing. Here are our brothers and sisters in the city of Cobrin.
Their territory includes both urban and rural areas. The 78 publishers here conduct an
average of 74 Bible studies each month. Our brothers and sisters in Belarus sent you their warm,
love and greetings. Herman, it's been a pleasure reviewing this exciting material about the king
of the north with you. Thank you, Ken. This information is so important. It helps all of us to face
the future with confidence. Before we say goodbye, we have a treat for you. Here's a preview of
the video drama from this year's convention. Please enjoy. We'll receive training in the house
of the Great King. Have you could nezor? Wait. Did I do it? He's strong in my son.
He's the new land with new laws. He's been the one who's to worship their gods.
Jehovah's in Israel. We're in Babylon now. What's going to happen to us?
I want to tell him what it is. Everyone's to be executed by dying. We have in some
morning. But do what? It's Jerusalem. They burned down Jehovah's house.
As long as Jehovah exists, we have hope. Interpretations belong to my God, Jehovah. He knows your dream
and what it means. Where is your God? Oh, Jehovah, surely you didn't bring us here to die.
Please, vindicate yourself.
And inspired our brothers in Russia in your prayers. Learn from their example of faith and courage.
See these events for what they are, the fulfillment of Bible prophecy. Let this knowledge
move you to make wise decisions. Stay faithful and stay busy as the end of this system draws close.
From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is J.W. Broadcasting.